# Read about the things that happen
throughout the world
# But don't believe in everything
you see or hear
# Read all about it
# News of the world
News of the world... #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
# Read all about it
# News of the world
News of the world. #
Hello and welcome to Mock The Week.
I'm Dara O Briain and
joining me this week are
Rhys James, Deborah Frances-White
and Tom Allen,
Milton Jones, Hugh
Dennis and Ed Byrne.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
For subtitling services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
We start with a round called If This
Is The Answer, What Is The Question?
On the board are six categories.
Deborah - which category
would you like?
Oh, Dara, I think I'll have
politics. Excellent.
Your category is Politics.
And the answer is...
What is the question?
Is it how many tins of Spam will be
in our weekly food rations
post-Brexit?
Oh, Mrs Upper Class here!
Is it how many aubergine emojis
can you put in a text to your
plumber before he
changes his number?
Is it, what's a really bad time
to phone a cuckoo?
APPLAUSE
Is it how many people have eaten
in Zizzi in Salisbury this year?
APPLAUSE
It's how many words do
the Eskimos have for slush?
Is it, if I was asked how many
people are on a football team,
how many I'd hazard a guess at?
Is it, how many pages
of my Nuns Having Fun calendar
are stuck together?
Is it how many years does a woman
have to do stand-up comedy
before she's allowed
on a panel show?
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Good point. I was doing
comedy for 10 years
when I got on the show so let's
not get too carried away.
Yeah, but I am 12. Oh,
yeah, true. Yeah, OK, sorry.
Is it how many times a day is
Prince Philip poked with a stick by
an anxious footman?
Is it, if Doctor Who is eating a
pizza, on average how many
times is he asked if he wants
DALEK bread with that?
How old was I when my parents
stopped saying "it's a boy"
when people came to visit me?
Is it, how many Jews
trust Jeremy Corbyn?
APPLAUSE
A question beginning with "how many
Jews" - I thought, this is going
to be an interesting moment.
Yeah, I think it's how many Tory MPs
have threatened to resign
if Boris Johnson becomes leader?
Absolutely right.
Thank you very much, Hugh.
APPLAUSE
Yes, the question I was looking
for was, how many Conservative MPs
are threatening to resign if
Boris Johnson became leader?
The MPs issued their warning after
Johnson sparked outrage
with comments in a newspaper article
about Theresa May's Brexit strategy.
So what were his outrageous
comments THIS week?
He used a metaphor where he
described The Constitution being
wrapped in a suicide vest and the
detonator being handed to Brussels.
Well, if you hand the detonator
to somebody else,
it's not a suicide vest any more.
APPLAUSE
I realise that's not the main
point that's to be made with this.
No, no, no, but I think
we need accuracy.
Accuracy is very important. Accuracy
in our metaphors. Yeah, sure.
People are getting very offended
by the use of, you know,
figurative language lately.
Just people using metaphors and
there's no need to get so angry.
He also said that the UK's
battle with Europe was like
a 7st weakling doing
battle with a 500lb gorilla.
I wasn't offended that he used
the term 7st weakling.
Dara, were you offended that he
used the term 500lb gorilla?
APPLAUSE Exactly.
He's really just trying to
change the subject, isn't he?
I mean, it is effectively
the equivalent of going,
"Oh, look, a lion!"
From what, pray tell?
Well, I think his
marital problems. Yeah.
Because he wrapped his marriage
in a suicide vest...
..and handed the detonator to the
first blonde who come up said hello.
You don't really hear about
suicide SLEEVES, do you?
You know, it's always vest-based.
Don't suicide bombers get cold?
It's not, I imagine,
their primary concern.
They've got a long way to travel.
The "gil-et" is the chosen item of
choice for your average...
Did you say gil-et?
Do you not mean gilet? I don't
say gilet. It's a gilet, Dara.
I say gil-et. Oh, my goodness.
Suddenly... Suddenly, leaving
the EU sounds very appealing.
There's a reason you booked a woman
and a gay and it's so we can
tell you it's gilet.
Can I just say... I know, I am not
walking around saying gilet.
..none of this would have
happened with suicide sleeves.
You know, gilet -
the best a man can gay.
I hope you're not poking fun at
us when you three are sat there
like three dads outside the changing
rooms in Marks & Spencer.
APPLAUSE
I'll turn to the team with
the lady and the gay.
Why is he so attractive? I don't
get it. Sorry... Before we proceed,
this team is not known as
The Lady And The Gay.
APPLAUSE
It's the Lady And The Gay
And Our Adopted Son.
This team is known as Diversity.
We don't know, Dara, is the answer.
I can't look at that man and think,
"Ooh, if he were bearing down
on me, I'd change my mind."
I imagine if he was bearing down
on you, you'd change your mind
about a lot of things.
You would completely reassess
a lot of choices you had made in
life that led you to have
him bearing down on you.
Listen, I haven't thought
out the plot.
I've just cut to the last scene
and I don't like it.
It would make a very different
series of Bodyguard,
er, if he had been
the politician in question.
Oh, yes, I don't think I'd like to
see him fingering himself in an
adjoining hotel door.
GROANS FROM AUDIENCE
No, thank you. Can I say - for
many reasons - spoiler alert!
You spoil my ears,
that's how bad that is.
It is quite a clever trick,
though, isn't it? His hair.
I mean, because it finally does
explain the hair because if
you look like you've just
got out of bed,
who's to know that, 90% of the time,
that is what you have just done?
APPLAUSE
It's amazing when you consider Boris
Johnson's impact on the world, given
that he is basically a mop
that a wizard enchanted
to have an erection.
It is bizarre.
There's a dossier, apparently.
Number 10 created a dossier about
him, before he was to run in 2016.
Created a dossier about him.
A dossier. Or as you call it,
a dosser. A dosser.
This is such a missed
opportunity, right.
This is a document designed to get
rid of Boris that is about
his sexual history.
They should have called it Get Your
Johnson Out.
APPLAUSE Oh!
Very good. Very good.
In other news,
how has Labour MP Chuka Umunna
upset some of his Party members?
Is it that he said, "call off the
dogs," about some of the policies
there and everybody went, "Ah, how
dare you call us dogs!"
Rather than listening to what he had
to say they went, "How dare
you call us dogs!
"That's outrageous, we're not dogs."
And all it made me think was,
like, "Wouldn't it be wonderful
if all politicians were dogs?"
Can you imagine Brexit negotiations?
Like, how could Barnier say no
to an adorable Andrex puppy
demanding things from the
European Union? It would be lovely.
Imagine a dachshund as the
Foreign Secretary or something.
It would be lovely, like, I'd really
get engaged with politics again.
I love that it's your first
thought - that if we had dogs
negotiating for us,
they'd be cute puppies.
Not vicious Rottweilers.
You've gone for the charm offensive
as opposed to the sort of...
That's the thing with
heterosexual men. Yep.
They always go for aggression when
actually charm can take you
an awfully long way.
APPLAUSE
What do we think?
"Dash-hund" or "Dacks-hund"?
As I said that I thought,
one of those pricks is going to
pick me up on this.
Some dogs do make good
politicians - look at Churchill.
APPLAUSE
None of this is any more ridiculous
than hearing John McDonnell
treat the "call off the dogs"
as being as serious as calling
Labour supporters dogs.
That was possibly a low point.
And it probably would be,
honestly, to the Labour Party,
"Oh, my God, would you get your head
out of your collective arses? There
is a national debate going on."
But this was particularly
funny to watch him go,
"Uh, you called us dogs!" No!
It was a metaphor. You know!
It's a common turn of phrase.
Do you think he goes to work
and literally crouches in the
shadow of a filing cabinet because
he can't understand the metaphor?
Do you think all the time he's
slightly out of the light?
"I am The Shadow."
No, John, it's just a title.
SINISTER VOICE: No!
For I am The Shadow.
Especially as someone who's been
accused of institutional
racism - don't call him a dark
horse, he'll lose his shit.
Corbyn's been accused of
anti-Semitism
but he's promised to learn
Hebrew in "Jew" course.
APPLAUSE
Have you had the pleasure of an
attack ever by those
Corbyn supporters who are quite
attack dog about the whole thing?
Have you ever had the online
joy of their company?
Even as we say this - and I'm
looking straight down the lens at
you -
there is somebody with a stopwatch
at the moment timing how much time
we spent on Boris Johnson versus how
much time we spent
on the Labour Party.
There's literally a tonne of those
people and they write in going,
"Well, er, 6 minutes, 37 seconds
and then the Labour Party had
7 minutes, 14 seconds.
"Oh-oh, BBC bias!"
Literally, you are doing it right
now, you are doing it right now.
I want you to enjoy the moment,
own the moment
that I look down the lens at you
and say, "Go on, look at you, look
at the screen,
"watch the seconds tick up,
watch that, right,
"as I'm talking, directly to you."
You big eejit. Right.
I got in grief once
because we mentioned -
cos we will be mentioning -
we mentioned that Corbyn and the
ineffectual thing that Corbyn did
and somebody went... Someone tagged
me into a Tweet going, "Well,
clearly Dara O Briain despises
the poor."
To be fair, you're well known
in comedy circles for despising
the poor. OK, but they
don't know that.
They don't know that I do
actually despise the poor.
So the Tories are in a mess,
Labour are in a mess
but Vince Cable is invincible
according to spell-check.
APPLAUSE
OK, before we move onto the
next topic, we have to note one
small thing, by the way, which is...
Actually, Deborah, this, by sheer
fluke but still a happy thing,
you are our 100th guest we've ever
had on Mock The Week.
APPLAUSE Oh, thank you!
I'm touched, ah!
And possibly the cheapest
trophy ever made.
I'm the 100th guest and the fourth
woman. And I'm very thrilled.
And I know that you're kind
of hurt if we, you know...
All right, we got you one as well,
because you've done them all.
Me? Yeah, so we got you
the Attendance Award.
APPLAUSE
The quality of this
metal is amazing.
At the end of that round the points
go to Ed, Hugh and Milton.
APPLAUSE
Now we play a round called...
..How Much Chock Would A Novichok
Chok If A Novichok Could Chok Chok?
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
This game involves Tom and Milton
so if you could make your way to
the performance area, please.
This round is a stand-up challenge.
I launch the Wheel of News,
and wherever it chooses to stop,
one of our performers must step
forward and talk about that subject.
OK, here we go,
let's spin the wheel.
The first subject is - Parties.
Hello.
I get invited to parties, I get
invited to hen parties quite a lot.
I get invited as the token gay.
I know.
And I never seem to get invited to
the stag parties, I don't know why.
It may be people think I wouldn't
be very good at zip-wiring
through North Wales.
And a little while ago I got invited
to a friend of mine's hen party -
a friend of mine from school -
and it was being organized by her
chief bridesmaid, Emma.
And Emma is, how would
you describe her?
Passive aggressive?
I knew I had to go to this hen party
because suddenly I was added
to a WhatsApp group!
WhatsApp, WhatsApp, what's up?
Well, I'll tell you what's up.
I looked at my phone.
I had 324 notifications
from people I did not know.
I'm in this group with
the mother of the bride -
we've all got to call her "Mum".
Her sister, Auntie Wendy.
And then they're all sending
selfies to each other.
Except Auntie Wendy can't
send a selfie, can she?
She sends a video of
her eyebrow!
Twice!
She's used up all my data,
all my storage has gone.
Then something pink covers the lens
at the end of the video which
you assume is a finger
but you don't like to ask.
Then I had to go to this
hen cottage, right,
this dream hen cottage which
was just outside Reading.
I pulled up, I donned a penis
headdress, put a pink sash on,
got out of the car.
Right, Emma was answering the door
in a steadily escalating pitch
of excitement.
"Oh, my God, hi, you look
amazing, come on in."
"Oh, my God, hi,
you look amazing, come on in."
HIGH-PITCHED SQUEAKING
NORMAL VOICE: "Oh, hi, Tom." Rude.
Then I had to go and introduce
myself to all the other hens.
And if there is one thing worse
than being invited to a hen party
as the token gay, it's if they've
invited another token gay.
And who was it? This guy Kevin,
right, he's a dancer,
he's got a hat on.
He's a better gay than me.
You can't compete with that.
Then we've got to go off
and do all these activities.
We started the day with
a guacamole-making class.
What the hell...
is a guacamole-making class?
You can't chop an avocado,
it's basically just mush.
Then... Then we had
to go to a Tango lesson.
I can't do it,
I haven't got the hips for it.
Kevin can,
he's actually VERY TALENTED.
Then, right, we had
to go on a gondola ride -
a gondola ride round Reading.
I mean, it's hardly Venice, is it,
when you're going past a Matalan?
Auntie Wendy's going, "Oh, it's just
like St Mark's Square, isn't it?
Or is that ASDA car park?"
Anyway, I wish I had been on a zip
wire somewhere in Wales. Thank you.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
OK, that leaves us with Milton.
Let's see what your topic is.
Let's spin the wheel.
And the topic is Travel.
Away you go.
So I'm in Brazil.
And I bought some fruit off some
of the indigenous people
and they turned round and said,
"People who bought fruit on Amazon
also bought these sausages."
APPLAUSE
I don't know if you've ever fallen
asleep while eating a plate
of broccoli and woken up
and thought you were in a forest.
What's worse than that, though,
is falling asleep in a forest
and waking up and trying
to finish the broccoli.
The Paris Metro, that's the
weirdest Tesco I've been in.
Easter Island,
that's a difficult place to find.
Well, it's in a different
place every year.
The weirdest thing
I ever saw, though...
I was in Reading and I saw this
hen party.
APPLAUSE
Thanks, that doesn't normally work.
Thank you very much, Milton
Jones! Oh, very, very good.
The points there for Tom Allen at
the end. Bravo for that.
APPLAUSE
Our next round is called
Picture Of The Week.
I show the panel a topical image
and ask them to tell me what is
happening. So, what's going on here?
I think he's so sad about
getting teased about
having small hands, because
he's so sensitive, he's had an
operation and turned both his
little hands into one big hand.
Is he saying...
AMERICAN ACCENT: "No, sorry, I don't
buy remote controls at the door"?
I think he's probably saying...
AS TRUMP: "Sorry, this one's out
of order, I blocked it."
"Of course I know how
to fly a plane,
"I'm flying this plane right now."
Is this Trump finding out the only
in-flight movie is Black Panther?
Is he saying...
AMERICAN ACCENT: "Can anyone help me
straighten my trousers?
"The press is a disgrace."
He just looks like he's shouting
"Ivanka, I need to be changed!"
Does anyone know the
actual answer here?
It does look like they've airbrushed
Vladimir Putin's cock
out of that, though.
The answer is, that's
Donald Trump. Yes.
That is the answer.
APPLAUSE
Yes, this is US President Donald
Trump chatting to reporters
on Air Force One recently.
His presidency has been rocked
by revelations by an anonymous
New York Times article and by a book
by respected Watergate journalist
Bob Woodward, that portray
Trump's White House in disarray.
What were the sort of
revelations, then?
There weren't any
revelations whatsoever.
It is exactly what we thought is
going on in The White House.
It just says things like he flies
off the handle and... Yeah.
..he's irrational and other
things we've,
I've personally picked up
from Twitter.
The book says he's... They call
him the Mayor of Crazy Town. Yes.
And apparently Trump was furious
because he was like, "I'm the
PRESIDENT of Crazy Town!"
Yes, he said about wanting to put
the staff under lie detectors to
find who the leak is but, er,
apparently they were all broken.
Taking a lie detector into that
White House is like putting
a smoke alarm in a volcano.
How do lie detectors work, though?
That suggests they're, like,
existing on some sort of lie rays.
It's like a gaydar.
Oh, it's like Grindr, it's like a
Grindr for liars. It is, yeah, yeah.
Oh, OK.
One of the things it tests is how
much your sphincter is retracted.
The lie dictator or Grindr? Both.
APPLAUSE
Both. Useful to know. Yup.
And now they say he's got to
just try to catch people out.
Right, so he's got to just
make the one own up to writing
this op-ed by just saying,
"Yeah, that op-ed was rubbish.
"It was written by someone who
probably has a really small
dick and/or vagina."
And then just look around
suspiciously.
A small vagina isn't an insult.
Yeah, but I haven't really been with
a lot of women so I don't really
know what you're talking about.
That's why you're on a team
with a girl and a gay.
I am learning so much.
Yeah, you will.
Who else has annoyed President
Trump this week? "Nik-e"?
"Nik-e" have, and specifically..
Isn't it "Nike", Grandad?
Oh, sweet Jesus.
Yes, it is the famous footwear and
sports manufacturer, "Nik-ay".
Yes, and who were they using?
Whose name do you want to try and
pronounce in case I get it wrong?
Colin "Kay-per-nick"?
Colin "Ka-per-nick".
Colin Kaepernick has decided that
he's OK with child labour -
and um... Oh, God, the poor guy.
Yeah, I'm not really having a go.
I'm wearing Converse, which are
owned by Nike,
so, you know, I have nothing I
can actually... Oh!
Baseball shoes with a suit.
Oh, quirky dad.
APPLAUSE
Why was Trump furious about
Colin Kaepernick? He didn't stand.
He's one of those American
footballers who didn't stand
for the national anthem, which
is weird because, in Britain,
going down on one knee
is the absolute mark of...
You know, of...
Yes, of respect and deference.
You try standing in
front of the Queen...
IMITATES SLICING
The point with the footballers,
though, is it is something
respectful.
They're not saying, "I don't care
about the national anthem,"
they're saying, out of respect
for fellow African Americans,
who are consistently being
shot and killed in acts of random
police brutality, I respectfully
take a knee, and it's so horrifying
that this man has now caused
a furore because, you know, people
are out burning their Nike products.
Yes. But sales went up by 31%
and that is because of two things.
One is, all the decent, nice
Americans have gone out
and bought Nike in solidarity
and all the racist ones
have gone to buy extra products
in order to burn them.
I wouldn't like to be
in their shoes. Phew!
APPLAUSE
Colin Kaepernick is so impressive -
not only because of the stuff
he's done, the stand he's
taken and whatever -
but also he's made people
think they're getting revenge
on him by burning
their own property.
Meanwhile, where has nudity been an
issue recently? The Royal Academy.
The Royal Academy, yes, The Royal
Academy in London were saying it.
They were looking for there to
be parity between the amount of
female and male nudes on display.
It turns out, actually,
ironically you're more likely to see
the penis displayed than the vagina.
The nipple count is higher for
women than it is for men,
but the genital count...
But overall, sort of, anecdotally,
I think we all know that in art
galleries there are many, many,
many more pieces of work BY men
and many more objectified women.
Very true, that, yes.
And what I was thinking is
this show is very much art. Indeed.
That what we could do here is
a political act to rebalance
patriarchal forces, is for me to
be the only one clothed
for the rest of the show.
If you would all show your nipples,
there would be a balance.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
It's what the people want.
I left my... If I show my nipples,
it's not what they want.
CHEERING
And let me tell you this. I think...
I think, people...
Wow, that's one more nipple
than was available earlier today.
And that is just one of them.
APPLAUSE
At the end of that round the points
go to Tom, Deborah and Rhys!
CHEERING
Now we come to
Scenes We'd Like To See.
So if everyone can make
their way over to
the performance area, please.
I'll read out this week's topics and
then we'll see what our panellists
can come up with.
OK, here we go.
The first subject is...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is Radio Novichok.
Don't touch that dial.
Give yourself a spray of
Lynx Africa,
open up a can of Relentless, sit
back in your cargo shorts and relax.
This is Virgin Radio.
And with the time now at 3am
it's probably time to just
stare into space and think about
where it all went wrong and...
..maybe have a bit of a cry.
Yes, yes, yes, coming up, we have
got some of the sickest tracks,
from some of the illest
artists around.
This is karaoke on hospital radio.
Well, today on The Archers,
Daisy gets a bolt from the blue
when she unexpectedly
wanders into an abattoir.
Viking, dogger,
forties, white.
Oh, sorry, that's not
the shipping forecast.
That's my Tinder date's bio.
At number two that was
Ed Sheeran with Galway Girl.
And now at number one,
for the 50th week in a row,
Ed Sheeran with Galway Girl.
And now the long-range forecast.
It's going to be quite windy.
We welcome you to Radio 3.
That's right, just... Just you.
And now it's time for
Thought For The Day.
No, it's gone.
Well, this is Gardener's Question
Time, and a big welcome
especially to our younger viewers
like 92-year-old Enid from Surrey.
And next on Radio 4,
it's Women's Hour.
And after that, 23 men's hours.
Must have coffee.
That was first Thought Of The Day.
On Jazz FM, it's a new
entry at number one.
It's
skib-bi-di-bab-bab-bibbity-bab-beem.
Sorry, I was having a stroke -
it's Ed Sheeran, Galway Girl.
Boris Johnson is joining us
on the couch this morning.
He's not a guest, it's just
that's where he slept last night.
The shipping forecast.
There will be shipping.
And we interrupt this broadcast
to bring you the tragic news
that Aretha Franklin
has sadly passed away.
And what better way to show our
respect for Ms Franklin
than with Galway Girl by Ed Sheeran?
OK, the next topic is...
She was bewitching.
She danced as though
possessed by the elements,
a creature created by the
rhythms of nature itself.
More, Mrs May, more!
"Toby, I'm not feeling well,"
said Amber.
Embarrassed,
she turned red, then green.
As he climaxed inside her, John
knew he would never be allowed
to visit the
Statue of Liberty again.
She looked on expectantly
as he undid his zip
and slowly removed his anorak.
She looked into his
deep eyes and said,
"You're the most attractive
man I've ever seen.
"Oh, no, wait, hold on -
I'm just ovulating."
"How to Please a Lady, Chapter 1."
"Wet her spoons."
Ha-ha-ha.
Sorry - Wetherspoons.
After five unrelenting hours,
James really began to regret
making his safe word "harder".
She gazed around her.
There were shelves
containing whips...
..blindfolds...
..chains, and she thought,
"Lidl really do sell everything."
The role play had gone wrong again.
"My bad," he said,
"I thought you said Mr ARSEY."
As he looked at her lower back
tattoo of two little birds,
one word came to mind.
"Swallows."
Instead of the passionate kiss
he was expecting,
she just gave him a peck on
the cheek.
"Ah," he thought, "this chicken is
playing hard to get."
"Reader,
"I SHAGGED him."
His tender words still echoed
around the dappled glade as he
climbed aboard and "eh-eh!"
"Do you come here often?"
"Yes, I come here every week
to get tested."
"I know I'm supposed to get
over you," he said,
"but it's too difficult.
"I'm constantly reminded of you
every time I look at the nutritional
info on a packet of food
"and I see "Fat Trace"."
At the end of that round the points
go to Tom, Deborah and Rhys.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
That's the end of the show.
This week's winners are Rhys James,
Deborah Frances-White and Tom Allen.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Commiserations to Milton Jones,
Hugh Dennis and Ed Byrne.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Thank you for watching.
I'm Dara O Briain. Goodnight.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org